feat: configure sub command supports multiple profiles (#75)
api7/cloud-cli: docs/configuring-cloud-cli.md

successfully configured api7 cloud access token, your account is jack@api7.ai
```

> Note Cloud CLI saves the access token to `$HOME/.api7cloud/config`.

Configure Multiple Profiles for Cloud CLI
----------------------------------------

> `cloud-cli configure` uses `https://api.api7.cloud` as the server address for
> API7 Cloud by default. If your control plane is created on another Cloud server,
> then you can specify the server address with `-addr` and specify a name for the
> current configuration to distinguish between multiple environments with `-profile`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cloud-cli configure` uses `https://api.api7.cloud` as the server address for
API7 Cloud by default. If your control plane is created on another region,
then you can specify the server address with `--addr` and specify a name for the
current configuration to distinguish among multiple environments with `--profile`.
```
